Ah!
Chenchen Ajin, what he said is true
Grandpa, I don't know where he got the news
Maybe it's because he has someone in his heart
So deliberately choreographed me
Smearing me makes you have a bad impression of me, so that you may be able to accept the person in his heart
Jing, did you do it on purpose?
Miss Rong, you'd better not avoid the important points
Make it clear to grandpa
Grandpa, I did talk to a British boyfriend when I was studying in the UK.
But we've already broken up
And absolutely none of these things he said
He not only got pregnant and had an abortion
They have males.
Is that all you want me to marry her?
I'll go.
Zhou Yanjing, this is the promise you recorded yourself.
You will definitely marry me
Grandpa, as for the evidence
But he faked it.
He did all this to make sure he wanted you. Since he said he slandered and framed you
So how did you record this recording?
I also let Xu Shiyang's younger brother frame me everywhere for taking care of Xu Shiyang
Chest killing
I was angry with him to stabilize him
How could I marry a woman like him?
How dare you threaten Jing?
What I hate most in my life is being coerced
Get out of here
Grandpa got something on, dare to call me grandpa
If you don't go away
You see, I told all your Long family to get out of Harbor City
Hang up now that things have reached this point
How do you see this ending?
Since there is no marriage with the Rong family
I also don't allow you to marry that woman surnamed Xu